Feature/ds 252 - Updated documentation voice and tone, as well as added some uniformity. (#383)
gsoft-inc/wl-hopper: apps/docs/content/components/concepts/layout.mdx

---
title: Layout
description: Learn how to build application layouts with Hopper using Flex or Grid.
order: 1
---

## Introduction

Hopper includes layout components to help build applications. The [Flex](./Flex) and [Grid](./Grid)

> components are containers, they are responsible for the layout of their children. `Flex` follows the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
components are containers responsible for the layout of their children. `Flex` follows the
```

[CSS flexbox](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Flexible_Box_Layout/Basic_Concepts_of_Flexbox)
algorithm, while `Grid` implements
[CSS grid](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Grid_Layout/Basic_Concepts_of_Grid_Layout).

These components provide props with predefined Hopper tokens for sizing, spacing,
and other layout options. You can use `Flex` and `Grid` together to build different
parts of your application, and even nest them to create more complex layouts.

> You should prefer using flex and grid over other CSS layout models. Spacing between components
> should be left to parent layout components rather than added directly to the children. This ensures components are composable when reused in different places, and ensures that spacing is consistent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should prefer using flex and grid over other CSS layout models. Spacing between components should be managed by parent layout components rather than added directly to the children. This ensures components are composable when reused in different places and that spacing remains consistent.
```

In addition to `Flex` and `Grid`, some Hopper components include prebuilt layouts which you can
insert your content into via slots. You can read more about slots in the [slots](./slots) concept page.

## Flex

The [flexbox](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Flexible_Box_Layout/Basic_Concepts_of_Flexbox)
layout model is a simple yet versatile method of laying out components in rows and columns.

> Use it to build vertical or horizontal stacks, simple wrapping grids, and more. The [Flex](./Flex)
> component can be used to create flexbox containers, any Hopper component can be used as a child.

Reviewer: This sentence didn't make sense to me so I think this is what you were saying:
```suggestion
Use it to build vertical or horizontal stacks, simple wrapping grids, and more. The [Flex](./Flex)
component can be used to create flexbox containers. Any Hopper component can be used as a child within these containers.
```
